JEKYLL_VERSION_FIX.md, before:

# 🔧 Jekyll Version Mismatch - FIXED

## The Problem

Build failed with:
```
You have already activated jekyll 4.4.1, but your Gemfile requires jekyll 4.3.4
```

**Cause**: The Cloudflare build environment has Jekyll 4.4.1 installed globally, but your Gemfile specifies Jekyll 4.3.4. Without `bundle exec`, it uses the global version instead of the bundled version.

---

## The Fix Applied ✅

Updated all Jekyll commands in `package.json` to use `bundle exec`:

### Before
```json
"build": "jekyll build --trace"
"build:production": "JEKYLL_ENV=production jekyll build"
"dev": "jekyll serve --livereload --host 0.0.0.0"
"serve": "jekyll serve"
```

### After
```json
"build": "bundle exec jekyll build --trace"
"build:production": "JEKYLL_ENV=production bundle exec jekyll build"
"dev": "bundle exec jekyll serve --livereload --host 0.0.0.0"
"serve": "bundle exec jekyll serve"
```

**What `bundle exec` does**: Runs Jekyll with the exact versions specified in your Gemfile (Jekyll 4.3.4), not the global version.

---

## What Changed

### `package.json`
- ✅ Added `bundle exec` to all Jekyll commands
- ✅ This ensures correct gem versions are used
- ✅ No other changes needed

### Other Files
- No changes to Gemfile, _config.yml, or other files

---

## Next Step: Retry Build

### Option 1 (Fastest - Recommended)
1. Go to [Cloudflare Dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com)
2. Pages → songscribe-website → Deployments
3. Click **"Retry Build"** on the latest deployment

### Option 2: Push New Commit
```bash
git add .
git commit -m "Fix: Add bundle exec to Jekyll commands"
git push origin main
```

---

## Expected Result

✅ Dependencies install successfully  
✅ Jekyll 4.3.4 (from Gemfile) is used  
✅ Site builds without version conflicts  
✅ Deployment succeeds in ~3 minutes  
✅ Site goes live at `songscribe-website.pages.dev`

---

## Why This Matters

Using `bundle exec` ensures:
- 📦 **Correct versions** - Uses Gemfile specifications
- 🔒 **Reproducible builds** - Same environment locally and on Cloudflare
- 🚀 **No conflicts** - Ignores global gem installations
- ✅ **CI/CD friendly** - Best practice for automated deploys

---

## Local Testing (Optional)

You can test locally too:
```bash
bundle exec jekyll build
bundle exec jekyll serve
```

Or use the npm scripts:
```bash
npm run build
npm run dev
```

---

## All npm Scripts Updated

| Command | Now Uses |
|---------|----------|
| `npm run dev` | `bundle exec jekyll serve` |
| `npm run build` | `bundle exec jekyll build` |
| `npm run build:production` | `bundle exec jekyll build` (prod) |
| `npm run serve` | `bundle exec jekyll serve` |

---

## Summary

✅ **Fixed**: Jekyll version mismatch  
✅ **Updated**: All Jekyll commands in package.json  
✅ **Next**: Retry build or push new commit  
✅ **Result**: Site deploys successfully!

---

**Status**: READY TO BUILD - Just retry or push!

Commit message:

chore: Update Gemfile to include standard libraries for Ruby 3.4+
- Added `csv` and `logger` gems to ensure compatibility with Ruby 3.4+
- No changes made to other project files

JEKYLL_VERSION_FIX.md, after:

# 🔧 Jekyll Version Mismatch - FIXED

## The Problem

Build failed with:
```
You have already activated jekyll 4.4.1, but your Gemfile requires jekyll 4.3.4
```

**Cause**: The Cloudflare build environment has Jekyll 4.4.1 installed globally, but your Gemfile specifies Jekyll 4.3.4. Without `bundle exec`, it uses the global version instead of the bundled version.

---

## The Fix Applied ✅

Updated all Jekyll commands in `package.json` to use `bundle exec`:

### Before
```json
"build": "jekyll build --trace"
"build:production": "JEKYLL_ENV=production jekyll build"
"dev": "jekyll serve --livereload --host 0.0.0.0"
"serve": "jekyll serve"
```

### After
```json
"build": "bundle exec jekyll build --trace"
"build:production": "JEKYLL_ENV=production bundle exec jekyll build"
"dev": "bundle exec jekyll serve --livereload --host 0.0.0.0"
"serve": "bundle exec jekyll serve"
```

**What `bundle exec` does**: Runs Jekyll with the exact versions specified in your Gemfile (Jekyll 4.3.4), not the global version.

---

## What Changed

### `package.json`
- ✅ Added `bundle exec` to all Jekyll commands
- ✅ This ensures correct gem versions are used
- ✅ No other changes needed

### Other Files
- ✅ Added `csv` and `logger` gems to `Gemfile` so Ruby 3.4+ can load them as default gems

---

## Next Step: Retry Build

### Option 1 (Fastest - Recommended)
1. Go to [Cloudflare Dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com)
2. Pages → songscribe-website → Deployments
3. Click **"Retry Build"** on the latest deployment

### Option 2: Push New Commit
```bash
git add .
git commit -m "Fix: Add bundle exec to Jekyll commands"
git push origin main
```

---

## Expected Result

✅ Dependencies install successfully  
✅ Jekyll 4.3.4 (from Gemfile) is used  
✅ Site builds without version conflicts  
✅ Deployment succeeds in ~3 minutes  
✅ Site goes live at `songscribe-website.pages.dev`

---

## Why This Matters

Using `bundle exec` ensures:
- 📦 **Correct versions** - Uses Gemfile specifications
- 🔒 **Reproducible builds** - Same environment locally and on Cloudflare
- 🚀 **No conflicts** - Ignores global gem installations
- ✅ **CI/CD friendly** - Best practice for automated deploys

---

## Local Testing (Optional)

You can test locally too:
```bash
bundle exec jekyll build
bundle exec jekyll serve
```

Or use the npm scripts:
```bash
npm run build
npm run dev
```

---

## All npm Scripts Updated

| Command | Now Uses |
|---------|----------|
| `npm run dev` | `bundle exec jekyll serve` |
| `npm run build` | `bundle exec jekyll build` |
| `npm run build:production` | `bundle exec jekyll build` (prod) |
| `npm run serve` | `bundle exec jekyll serve` |

---

## Summary

✅ **Fixed**: Jekyll version mismatch  
✅ **Updated**: All Jekyll commands in package.json  
✅ **Next**: Retry build or push new commit  
✅ **Result**: Site deploys successfully!

---

**Status**: READY TO BUILD - Just retry or push!
